>> Evan You: So, routing.
How many of you have
used the devue router?
Okay, how many of used the router
of sorting another framework?
Okay, great.
So, I guess, most of us know what single
page application routing is all about.
You have URLs, you wanna map them to
components, that's the gist of it.
So, the goal of these exercises is really
about going from the ground up and
see how it can be done
in the view context.
So, let's go into the first exercise in
routing
>> Evan You: And
it's,
>> Evan You: Let's put
a very extremely simple
hash-based routing solution.
It's not even a router, it's just
routing using direct browser API's.
So, we all know that in
the browser there are two ways to
do routing you can use a hash or
you can use the HTML5 History API.
HTML5 History API is better in the sense,
it supports pop state and
you get better looking URLs
but it requires some sort
of server configuration, so
that when you directly visit a deep link,
the server still renders
the same static HTML page for
your client-side router to pick up.
So, for the sake of exercise where just
also the history API is a bit more
complex than a hash API to work with.
So, for the sake of the exercise,
we're just gonna stick to hash routers.
Because aside from
the browser API differences,
the [INAUDIBLE] Implementation is really
the more similar and more important part.
Our goal is build a small app that when
hash is foo, it should display foo.
When hash is bar,
it should display bar, simple as that.
The two APIs you can use is, if you wanna
access the current hash in the URL,
use window.location.hash.
If you wanna listen to hash changes,
you can add a hashchange listener to
your window, to listen for changes.
And the template is already
written out for you.
You need to figure out
what to fill in here.
This is where our main
view will be rendered.
We provide two link already,
and the rest is up to you.